1. What is the purpose of the "Hello, World!" program?
	The "Hello, World!" program is to prove that your programming setup works and to introduce
	the basic workflow of programming in C++.

2. Name the four parts of a function.
	1) Return type
	2) Function name
	3) Parameter list
	4) Function body

3. Name a function that must appear in every C++ program.
	main()

4. In the "Hello, World!" program, what is the purpose of the line return 0;?
	Means the end of the 'main()' function and reports that the program finished successfully.

5. What is the purpose of the compiler?
	The purpose of the compiler is to translate your C++ source code into a form the computer
	can run.

6. What is the purpose of the import statement?
	The purpose of the import statement is to make code from a module available to your program.

7. What is the purpose of the #include directive?
	The purpose of the #include directive is to make the contents of another file available to
	your program before it is compiled.

8. What does a .cpp suffix at the end of a file name signify in C++?
	This signifies that the file is a C++ source code file.

9. What does the linker do for your program?
	The linker takes the pieces produced by the compiler and combines them into one runnable
	program.

10. What is the difference between a source file and an object file?
	A source file is the C++ code you write. An object file is the compiled version of that 
	code that the linker uses to build the final program.

11. What is an executable?
	An executable is the final runnable program produced after your source code is compiled 
	and linked.

12. What is an IDE and what does it do for you?
	It is a program that gives you the main tools you need to write and run programs in 
	one place.

13. How do you get a compiled program to run?
	You get a compiled program to run by executing the executable file that the 
	compiler/linker produced.

14. What is a comment?
	A comment is text in a program that is meant for human readers, not for the computer 
	to execute.

15. What is the purpose of a drill?
	The purpose of a drill is to give you focused practice with a programming concept or tool.

16. If you understand everything in the textbook, why is it necessary to practice?
	Programming is a skill, not just knowledge.
